**

Story of Hestia/Nemesis (Lakshimi) being sired.

Gripping the Earth as darkness covers half the world rising from the West, Macedonia. In the name of man bloodied and where’s a crown of thorns, taste of salt and water crosses over her lips as she exhales in final ritual breaths. Piercing eyes look for her from the darkness and a full moon lightens the face. She notices blood dripping from the teeth of the Goddess’s smile. Who hovers over the darkness of the land in the West. Then she sees fire roam burning through and flow. Hestia notices it holds no further than the seas that separates it from the Eastern lands for now. Lakshimi hears a soft, confident voice, “It’s time Hestia to awaken the West”. Lakshimi starts to open her eyes and wiggle her fingertips while noticing the wet dirt between her hands. Arghh she grumbles feeling the sharp needle pain of her nerves finally receiving more oxygen and blood in her numb legs as she unravels them from her lotus pose. Almost knocking over the half melted candle a half of leg’s width away. After rubbing her hands together she pulls her thighs close in and caresses her legs soothing the pain and allowing her thoughts to wander as she rocks herself. 

She hears a slow feminine voice, “You are ready Lakshimi to become Hestia”. Lakshmi feels a lightning pulse of shivers up her spin and draws her eyes to figure in the shadows. “How…do you…know…my thoughts?” The voice responds sultry, “Oh I am a peculiar secretive kind of your priestesshood.” Lakshmi remains baffled and starts to stand to her feet. Lakshmi suddenly feels a rush of wind drying the sweat off face and breastbone and then looks up to Visphala saying, “It would be best if you stay seated for this”.  

Visphala reveals, "I am the leader of the Salubri here. My burden of knowledge shapes the consciousness of humankind and us...vampire kin." Visphala offers Lakshmi the kiss of life. Lakshmi accepts with hesitation but something in the back of her heart burned with curiosity. A thought bubbled up from her heart to mind that said, "this is the next step of your destiny." Lakshimi's fingers reach behind her ears dresses her hair away from neck and offer's her neck. Visphala approaches her softly and disarmingly like approaching a skiddish animal. Lakshimi feels her breath on the nape of her neck and feels her hair pulled gently over her right shoulder. She speaks in soothing sultry tone I think this side will due as she grazes her lips to her neck. Lakshimi's heart flutters. "Are you ready?", she asks.  Before Lakshimi barely begins to respond. She gasps and feels the immovable by Visphala's grasp. A sigh of bliss escapes her and mind reaches for the center for what seems like an explosion of color floating in dancing lights piercing the movement of clouds colored by gases of oxygen, neon, argon, nitrogen and chlorine. She found herself in the center surrounded by starlight with a warm rich deep feeling connected to something beyond her but familiar and trustworthy. She starts to feel her physical body become colder and the light become brighter. Then she feels raindrops on her lips and a voice, "It's time to drink my dear. Don't resist you'll die if not". She smells the iron and tang of blood and tries to tear away from Visphala's arm. Visphala pulls Lakshimi's lips to her wrist, " You must drink... or yoThen feels something hot and primal deep from her 

**