FIghting the mind flayer in a dungeon with Zoe, Thrayrift (mostly dead), William, Fuquar, Elder Wolf.


- Fuquar is a werewolf 
- I attacked the flayer and he attacked me with 21 pts of necrotic damage
- running tally of damage on flayer
	- 13+13+14+8+1-10-7+14-11+19=
* I used action surge and second wind 
* We killed the mind flayer
* A guy busted out of a tank and pulled a tadpoe out of his eye and starts crying and Fuqar gives him 10 berries
* The guy claims he owes you all a debt he may never be able to repay
* Fuqar gets metal skin
* The man walks away saying he has brought dishonor to his family
* The left hand and left eye. Hand of vecnah, eye of vecnah
Treasure we found
1. received a +2 magic shield - Akira 
2. black rope of arch magi worth 20K gold - Zoey
3. tome memory and logic excercise intelligence 48hrs intelligence goes +2 increase and increases the total to 22. It does not tingle with magical energy at the moment. Backstory he has read it twice. - Akira
4. Bracers forearms bands of copper wrapped around with shields, +2 bonus to AC with no armour or shield - Charles
5. middle finger a band of generic metal, with a design of a shield, ring of protection, +saving throws + 1AC - Zoey
6. thumb golden band reddish pink gemstone, with sqiqqlely lines pushing the red stuff to the metal: ring of mind shielding - Jayana
7. black cape attached to the robe: cloak of protection - 
8. short sword- Jayana
9. claypot of liquid bronze armour +5 armour - William
10. rapier broken

3/12/2023- Running in the woods after defeating the mind flayer
Carlos: has three bows and short swaord he told us the safe way where to go. Farqua spotted the safe tracks.
- Fuqar gives th water spirits the black ord
- The King makes us honory members of his family
- He welcomes us to stay the night
- The next night we head back on the trial.
- We following fuqars finger
- 9 times rest, eat, recast
- We meet a ram (Centuar) Ram horns,  asks to pay a toll of 2 platium
	- Arcane tattoo, it can restrict or cause poison damage
	- the 5ft bridge we see is not the bridge he is referring to
1. Left, Surname, Chirp, 
1. Right, Surname, Badger
 2. Smith
- Mayor of City
- Leathers-Tanner
- Right side ???? Not Draconic - dialect




Successive rolls
* 5 perception rolls
* 3 arcana rolls
* 2 athethics 
* 1 survival
Healing Potions
* 1 | 30HP potion
* 2 | superior potion 6d4 + 4
* 3 | greater potions 4d4 + 4

Special Items
* 1 | ring of teleportation for self only
* 1 | book for akira rituals from mom and dad
* 1 | narrative poem with encrypted message
* 1 | familiar Psuedo Dragon
* 1 | Platium

### Find Familar
#### PSEUDODRAGON
Tiny dragon, neutral good

Armor Class 13 (natural armor)
Hil Poinls 7 (2d4 + 2)
Speed 15 fI., fly 60 ft.

CHA
10 (+0)
WIS
12 (+1)
INI
10 (+0)
CON
13 (+1)
DEX
15 (+2)
STR
6 (-2)

**Keen Senses**:The pseudodragon has advanlage on Wisdom
(Perceplion) checks Ihal rely on sighl, hearing, or smell.
**Magie Resistanee**: The pseudodragon has advanlage on saving
Ihrows againsl spells and olher magical effecls.
**Limited Telepathy**: The pseudodragon can communicate
simple ideas, emotions, and images telepathically wilh any
crealure wilhin 100 feel ofillhal can undersland a language.
#### ACTIONS
**Bite** Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target.
**Hit** 4 (ld4 + 2) piercing damage.
**Sting** Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one creature.
**Hit** 4 (ld4 + 2) piercing damage, and the largel musl succeed
on a DC 11 Constitution saving throw or become poisoned for
1 hour. If its saving throw result is 6 or lower, the target falls
unconscious for the same duralion, or until it takes damage or
another creature uses an action to wake it.

**Skills** Perception +3, Stealth +4
**Senses** blindsight 10 fI., darkvision 60 fI., passive Perception 13
**Languages** understands Common and Draconic bul doesn'l
speak
**Challenge** 1/4 (50 XP)

ACTlONS
Bite. Melee Weapon Attaek: +4 lo hil, reach 5 fI., one largel.
Hit: 5 (ld6 + 2) piercing damage.
Claw. Melee Weapon Attaek: +4 lo hil, reach 5 fI., one largel.
Hit: 4 (ld4 + 2) slashing damage.
Keen Smefl. lhe panlher has advanlage on Wisdom
(Perceplion) checks Ihal rely on smell.
Pounee. If lhe panlher moves alleasl 20 feel slraighlloward
a crealure righl before hilling il wilh a c1aw allack, lhe largel
musl succeed on a DC 12 51renglh saving Ihrow or be knocked
prone. Iflhe largel is prone, lhe panlher can lake a bonus
aclion lo make one bile allack againsl il.
Armor Class 12
Hil Poinls 13 (3d8)
Speed 50 fI., c1imb 40 fI.

CHA
10 (+0)
WIS
12 (+1)
INI
10 (+0)
CON
13 (+1)
DEX
15 (+2)
STR
6 (-2)

Keen Senses. lhe pseudodragon has advanlage on Wisdom
(Perceplion) checks Ihal rely on sighl, hearing, or smell.
Magie Resistanee. lhe pseudodragon has advanlage on saving
Ihrows againsl spells and olher magical effecls.
Limited Te/epathy. lhe pseudodragon can communicale
sim pie ideas, emolions, and images lelepalhically wilh any
crealure wilhin 100 feel ofillhal can undersland a language.
ACTIONS
Bite. Melee Weapon Attaek: +4 lo hil, reach 5 ft., one largel.
Hit: 4 (ld4 + 2) piercing damage.
Sting. Melee Weapon Attaek: +4 lo hil, reach 5 fI., one crealure.
Hit: 4 (ld4 + 2) piercing damage, and lhe largel musl succeed
on a DC 11 Conslilulion saving Ihrow or become poisoned for
1 hour. If ils saving Ihrow resull is 6 or lower, lhe largel falls
unconscious for lhe same duralion, or unlil illakes damage or
another creature uses an action to wake it.
