# Basic Login Page (Frontend)
#### Todos
- Presently the index page, create landing page with text fields for email and password 
- create login button
- create redirect logic to login page
- create logic to hash user's info
- create logic to send hashed user's info to OAuth server
- OAuther server sends a boolean to Frontend app
	- user id: email or hexadecimal or number
	- user authenticated: boolean
	- WHat else do I need ? Check the docs
- Create Authentication Context for logged in users
- Look up how to write routes for authentication for react router
- Look up how redirects are done for react router
#### Authentication Logic
- OpenId Connect from OneLogin will use Implicit flow for now 
- For local connection we will use the Fake OpenID Connect Authorization Server
- We will hard code users? or allow google logins? 
- Does the Fake OpenID Connect Auth Server allow our RSI google logins?
#### Future issues 
- How do we integrate the frontend with OneLogin? 
	- Check One Login React documents
		- does their process work with a landing login page? or is it Just a redirect? 
##### State management
- Authentication needs to live in React State Context
- How are we handling the state React Context API? Which is good for our needs now.
- Will we need to use Redux? (Redux state management is for heavy data handling)

#### Identification and Authentication Failures
OneLogin creates a session ID and passing the authenticaiton to app I am using
The session Id can be resused if session ID 
always generate something new
use intruder sequencer to check randomness
min 64bits of Entrphy

Don't pass to the URL it should be in the post body
if you havent invalided it someone can take it 

cookie value same site only http only
invalidate after logout, changing passwords should invalid all session ids
account change passwords and account change passwords

#### Error codes for Devs and error codes for users
warn the security person before the intruder figures it out
errors are going authenticated storage space has authentication protections. Use flags to send to an error database

error codes 403 forbidden pages means not authorized 
500 internal server error  fun information: Tomcat apache whitehat